docs/source/getting-started.rst, before:

================
Getting Started
================

.. rubric:: Brief overview of polarTransform and how to install.

Introduction
============
polarTransform is a Python package for converting images between the polar and Cartesian domain. It contains many
features such as specifying the start/stop radius and angle, interpolation order (bicubic, linear, nearest, etc), and
much more.

License
============
polarTransform has an MIT-based `license <https://github.com/addisonElliott/polarTransform/blob/master/LICENSE>`_.

Installing
============
Prerequisites
-------------
* Python 3
* Dependencies:
   * numpy
   * scipy
   * scikit-image

Installing polarTransform
-------------------------
polarTransform is currently available on `PyPi <https://pypi.python.org/pypi/polarTransform/>`_. The simplest way to
install alone is using ``pip`` at a command line::

  pip install polarTransform

which installs the latest release.  To install the latest code from the repository (usually stable, but may have
undocumented changes or bugs)::

  pip install git+https://github.com/addisonElliott/polarTransform.git


For developers, you can clone the pydicom repository and run the ``setup.py`` file. Use the following commands to get
a copy from GitHub and install all dependencies::

  git clone pip install git+https://github.com/addisonElliott/polarTransform.git
  cd polarTransform
  pip install .

or, for the last line, instead use::

  pip install -e .

to install in 'develop' or 'editable' mode, where changes can be made to the local working code and Python will use
the updated polarTransform code.

Test and coverage
=================
To test the code on any platform, make sure to clone the GitHub repository to get the tests and::

  python tests/test_polarTransform.py

Using polarTransform
====================
Once installed, the package can be imported at a Python command line or used in your own Python program with ``import polarTransform``. See the :doc:`user-guide` for more details of how to use the package.

Support
===============
Bugs can be submitted through the `issue tracker <https://github.com/addisonElliott/polarTransform/issues>`_.

Pull requests are welcome too!

Next Steps
===============
To start learning how to use polarTransform, see the :doc:`user-guide`.

Commit message:

Major Overhaul (#8)
# Changes
* Add 3D support to the polar transform library such that one can give a stack of images, RGB or grayscale, and it will apply the polar transform to each image separately.
    * Include useMultithreading argument to the polar/cartesian conversion functions to allow for speedup of 3D images
* Reorganize code into multiple files rather than one large file
    * polarTransform.py now is split into convertToCartesianImage, convertToPolarImage, imageTransform and pointsConversion Python files
    * This change increases readability of the code and aides in development
    * This change includes moving the code files and the test folder into one polarTransform folder that will be copied to site-packages when installed via pip. Previously, the tests folder was thrown into the sites-packages which was confusing because multiple packages could have tests and it is not obvious that the tests were for polarTransform. This is now fixed by this change.
* Update documentation to include information about 3D conversion capabilities.
* Create tests for 3D support by using OpenCV to create/load videos where each frame is considered one part of a 3D Numpy array that is used for conversion between polar/cartesian domain
* Update TravisCI to include codecov support (still need to adequately test)
* Add __version__ string to polarTransform package that contains the current version
* Update package to include test data when installing via PyPi

docs/source/getting-started.rst, after:

================
Getting Started
================

Introduction
============
polarTransform is a Python package for converting images between the polar and Cartesian domain. It contains many
features such as specifying the start/stop radius and angle, interpolation order (bicubic, linear, nearest, etc), and
much more.

License
============
polarTransform has an MIT-based `license <https://github.com/addisonElliott/polarTransform/blob/master/LICENSE>`_.

Installing
============
Prerequisites
-------------
* Python 3
* Dependencies:
   * numpy
   * scipy
   * scikit-image

Installing polarTransform
-------------------------
polarTransform is currently available on `PyPi <https://pypi.python.org/pypi/polarTransform/>`_. The simplest way to
install alone is using ``pip`` at a command line::

  pip install polarTransform

which installs the latest release.  To install the latest code from the repository (usually stable, but may have
undocumented changes or bugs)::

  pip install git+https://github.com/addisonElliott/polarTransform.git


For developers, you can clone the pydicom repository and run the ``setup.py`` file. Use the following commands to get
a copy from GitHub and install all dependencies::

  git clone pip install git+https://github.com/addisonElliott/polarTransform.git
  cd polarTransform
  pip install .

or, for the last line, instead use::

  pip install -e .

to install in 'develop' or 'editable' mode, where changes can be made to the local working code and Python will use
the updated polarTransform code.

Test and coverage
=================
Run the following command in the base directory to run the tests:

.. code-block:: bash

    python -m unittest discover -v polarTransform/tests

Using polarTransform
====================
Once installed, the package can be imported at a Python command line or used in your own Python program with ``import polarTransform``. See the :doc:`user-guide` for more details of how to use the package.

Support
===============
Bugs can be submitted through the `issue tracker <https://github.com/addisonElliott/polarTransform/issues>`_.

Pull requests are welcome too!

Next Steps
===============
To start learning how to use polarTransform, see the :doc:`user-guide`.
