docs/source/user-guide.rst, before:

===============
User Guide
===============

.. currentmodule:: polarTransform

:class:`convertToPolarImage` and :class:`convertToCartesianImage` are the two primary classes on which this entire project is based on. The two functions are opposites of one another, reversing the action that the other function does.

Example 1
--------------
Let us take a B-mode echocardiogram and convert it to the polar domain. This is essentially reversing the scan conversion done internally by the ultrasound machine.

Here is the B-mode image:

.. image:: _static/shortAxisApex.png
    :alt: B-mode echocardiogram of short-axis apex view

.. code-block:: python

    import polarTransform
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    import imageio

    cartesianImage = imageio.imread('IMAGE_PATH_HERE')

    polarImage, ptSettings = polarTransform.convertToPolarImage(cartesianImage, center=[401, 365])
    plt.imshow(polarImage, origin='lower')

Resulting polar domain image:

.. image:: _static/shortAxisApexPolarImage.png
    :alt: Polar image of echocardiogram of short-axis apex view

Example 2
--------------
Input image:

.. image:: _static/verticalLines.png
    :alt: Cartesian image

.. code-block:: python

    import polarTransform
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    import imageio

    verticalLinesImage = imageio.imread('IMAGE_PATH_HERE')

    polarImage, ptSettings = polarTransform.convertToPolarImage(verticalLinesImage, initialRadius=30,
                                                                finalRadius=100, initialAngle=2 / 4 * np.pi,
                                                                finalAngle=5 / 4 * np.pi)

    cartesianImage = ptSettings.convertToCartesianImage(polarImage)

    plt.figure()
    plt.imshow(polarImage, origin='lower')

    plt.figure()
    plt.imshow(cartesianImage, origin='lower')

Resulting polar domain image:

.. image:: _static/verticalLinesPolarImage_scaled3.png
    :alt: Polar image

Converting back to the cartesian image results in:

.. image:: _static/verticalLinesCartesianImage_scaled.png
    :alt: Cartesian image

Commit message:

Major Overhaul (#8)
# Changes
* Add 3D support to the polar transform library such that one can give a stack of images, RGB or grayscale, and it will apply the polar transform to each image separately.
    * Include useMultithreading argument to the polar/cartesian conversion functions to allow for speedup of 3D images
* Reorganize code into multiple files rather than one large file
    * polarTransform.py now is split into convertToCartesianImage, convertToPolarImage, imageTransform and pointsConversion Python files
    * This change increases readability of the code and aides in development
    * This change includes moving the code files and the test folder into one polarTransform folder that will be copied to site-packages when installed via pip. Previously, the tests folder was thrown into the sites-packages which was confusing because multiple packages could have tests and it is not obvious that the tests were for polarTransform. This is now fixed by this change.
* Update documentation to include information about 3D conversion capabilities.
* Create tests for 3D support by using OpenCV to create/load videos where each frame is considered one part of a 3D Numpy array that is used for conversion between polar/cartesian domain
* Update TravisCI to include codecov support (still need to adequately test)
* Add __version__ string to polarTransform package that contains the current version
* Update package to include test data when installing via PyPi

docs/source/user-guide.rst, after:

===============
User Guide
===============

.. currentmodule:: polarTransform

:class:`convertToPolarImage` and :class:`convertToCartesianImage` are the two primary functions that make up this package. The two functions are opposites of one another, reversing the action that the other function does.

As the names suggest, the two functions convert an image from the cartesian or polar domain to the other domain with a given set of parameters.  The power of these functions is that the user can specify the resulting image resolution, interpolation order, initial and final radii or angles and much much more. See the :doc:`polarTransform` for more information on the specific parameters that are supported.

Since there are quite a few parameters that can be specified for the conversion functions, the class :class:`ImageTransform` is created and returned from the :class:`convertToPolarImage` or :class:`convertToCartesianImage` functions (along with the converted image) that contains the arguments specified. The benefit of this class is that if one wants to convert the image back to another domain or convert points on either image to/from the other domain, they can simply call the functions within the :class:`ImageTransform` class without specifying all of the arguments again.

Example 1
--------------
Let us take a B-mode echocardiogram and convert it to the polar domain. This is essentially reversing the scan conversion done internally by the ultrasound machine.

Here is the B-mode image:

.. image:: _static/shortAxisApex.png
    :alt: B-mode echocardiogram of short-axis apex view

.. code-block:: python

    import polarTransform
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    import imageio

    cartesianImage = imageio.imread('IMAGE_PATH_HERE')

    polarImage, ptSettings = polarTransform.convertToPolarImage(cartesianImage, center=[401, 365])
    plt.imshow(polarImage, origin='lower')

Resulting polar domain image:

.. image:: _static/shortAxisApexPolarImage.png
    :alt: Polar image of echocardiogram of short-axis apex view

Example 2
--------------
Input image:

.. image:: _static/verticalLines.png
    :alt: Cartesian image

.. code-block:: python

    import polarTransform
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    import imageio

    verticalLinesImage = imageio.imread('IMAGE_PATH_HERE')

    polarImage, ptSettings = polarTransform.convertToPolarImage(verticalLinesImage, initialRadius=30,
                                                                finalRadius=100, initialAngle=2 / 4 * np.pi,
                                                                finalAngle=5 / 4 * np.pi)

    cartesianImage = ptSettings.convertToCartesianImage(polarImage)

    plt.figure()
    plt.imshow(polarImage, origin='lower')

    plt.figure()
    plt.imshow(cartesianImage, origin='lower')

Resulting polar domain image:

.. image:: _static/verticalLinesPolarImage_scaled3.png
    :alt: Polar image

Converting back to the cartesian image results in:

.. image:: _static/verticalLinesCartesianImage_scaled.png
    :alt: Cartesian image
